OSDOCS-3001: Added Day 2 information for proxies (#42320)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-wide-proxy-removal.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/configuring-cluster-wide-proxy.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cluster-wide-proxy-config_{context}"]

> = Configuring a cluster-wide proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configuring a cluster-wide proxy at installation time
```

.Prerequsites
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
* You have the `rosa` CLI installed and configured.
endif::[]
ifdef::openshift-dedicated[]
* You have the `ocm` CLI installed and configured.
endif::[]

.Procedure
* To create a cluster with a proxy, run the following command:
+
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create cluster \
 <other_arguments_here> \
 --additional-trust-bundle-file <path_to_CA_bundle_file> \ <1> <2> <3>
 --http-proxy http://<username>:<pswd>@<ip>:<port> \ <1> <4>
 --https-proxy http(s)://<username>:<pswd>@<ip>:<port> <4>
----
endif::[]
ifdef::openshift-dedicated[]
[source,terminal]
----
$ ocm create cluster \
 <other_arguments_here> \
 --additional-trust-bundle-file <path_to_CA_bundle_file> \ <1> <2> <3>
 --http-proxy http://<username>:<pswd>@<ip>:<port> \ <1> <4>
 --https-proxy http(s)://<username>:<pswd>@<ip>:<port> <4>
----
endif::[]
+
<1> The `http-proxy`, `https-proxy`, and `additional-trust-bundle-file` arguments are all optional.
<2> If you use the `additional-trust-bundle-file` option without an `http(s)-proxy` argument, the passed additional trust bundle is set on the cluster, but it is not configured to be used with the proxy.

> <3> The `additional-trust-bundle-file` argument is a file path pointing to a bundle of PEM-encoded X.509 certificates, which are all concatenated together. The `additionalTrustBundle` field is required unless the proxy's identity certificate is signed by an authority from the {op-system} trust bundle. If you use an MITM transparent proxy network that does not require additional proxy configuration but requires additional CAs, you must provide the MITM CA certificate.

Reviewer 2: @mrbarge Would you help to verify this field "additionalTrustBundle"?I'm not sure where this field is used.
Another question:when create a cluster only with --http-proxy, the CA is required,right?

Reviewer: @yingzhanredhat a CA is required if the proxy is doing re-encrypting of traffic and using a CA that wouldn't be part of the system's trust store.. but that is optional.

However you raise a good point that `additionalTrustBundle file` should be renamed to `additional-trust-bundle-file parameter` 

```suggestion
<3> The `additional-trust-bundle-file` argument is a file path pointing to a bundle of PEM-encoded X.509 certificates, which are all concatenated together. The `additional-trust-bundle-file` parameter is required unless the proxy's identity certificate is signed by an authority from the {op-system} trust bundle. If you use an MITM transparent proxy network that does not require additional proxy configuration but requires additional CAs, you must provide the MITM CA certificate.
```
